Add test plan support within Tuist test (#5135)
tuist/tuist: projects/docs/docs/commands/test.md

One of the benefits of using Tuist over other automation tools is that developers can get familiar with a set of commands that they can use in any Tuist project.
:::

**Test in parallel**

```bash

> tuist test --additional-parameters -parallel-testing-enabled

Reviewer: We are not supporting these params yet right?

Author: Removed

| `--device`                   | `-d`  | `Test on a specific device.`                                                                                                           |                   | No       |
| `--os`                       | `-o`  | `Test with a specific version of the OS.`                                                                                              |                   | No       |
| `--configuration`            | `-C`  | `The configuration to be used when building the scheme.`                                                                               |                   | No       |
| `--skip-ui-tests`            | n/a   | `When passed, it skips testing UI Tests targets.`                                                                                      | False             | No       |
| `--result-bundle-path`       | `-T`  | `Path where test result bundle will be saved`                                                                                          |                   | No       |

> | `--retry-count`              | n/a   | `Tests will retry <number> of times until they succeed.`                                                                               | 0                 |          |

Reviewer: Is there no short form of new arguments? I thought argument parser creates them automatically?

| `--configuration`            | `-C`  | `The configuration to be used when building the scheme.`                                                                               |                   | No       |
| `--skip-ui-tests`            | n/a   | `When passed, it skips testing UI Tests targets.`                                                                                      | False             | No       |
| `--result-bundle-path`       | `-T`  | `Path where test result bundle will be saved`                                                                                          |                   | No       |
| `--retry-count`              | n/a   | `Tests will retry <number> of times until they succeed.`                                                                               | 0                 |          |
| `--test-plan`                | n/a   | `When passed, the test plan to run. The scheme parameter is required when a test plan is passed.`                                      |                   | No       |

> | `--test-targets`             | n/a   | `Specify which tests should run in the test-identifier* format. Takes precedence over --skip-testing`                                  |                   | No       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--test-targets`             | n/a   | `Specify which tests should run in the test-identifier* format. It is applied before --skip-testing`                                  |                   | No       |
```

| `--skip-test-targets`        | n/a   | `Specify which tests should not run be passed in the test-identifier* format.`                                                         |                   | No       |

> | `--test-configurations`      | n/a   | `When a test plan is specified, specify which test configurations to use for the run. Takes precedence over --skip-test-configuration` |                   | No       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--test-configurations`      | n/a   | `When a test plan is specified, specify which test configurations to use for the run. It is applied before --skip-test-configuration` |                   | No       |
```
